# Excel to Power BI
# Background
Several hundreds of orders have been placed for this cookie company to various different countries. Each order contains a different amount of units sold which in terms affects the revenue and profit per order. The purpose of this project is to transfer the data from the excel spreadsheet to Power BI to display the data visually to make presentation of the data easily to explain
## Excel data
On the excel spreadsheet a table has been created to track all of the orders that this cookie company has received from the year 2019. They have received 700 orders ranging from the countries of United States, Mexico, Canada, Germany and France. Each order placed is tracked and displays the cookie type that was sold, this company sells Chocolate Chip cookies, fortune cookies, oatmeal raisin cookies, snickerdoodle cookies, sugar cookies and white chocolate macadamia nut cookies. Each order also displays the revenue that was made from the purchase and also the cost per order while tracking the profit of each order.
## Power BI data
The information from the excel spreadsheet has been transferred over to Power BI to allow the ability to create charts and a visual representation of the data. Along with this, information from each country and their population has been taken from a wikipedia page and also transferred over to power BI to help the visualization process. Using this information, a line chart has been created to show the profit by date for all of the orders to see which month was the most profitable for this Cookie company. A view of all of the georgraphies has been created which allows the ability to see profit by the countries that purchased orders from this cookie company, along with this a table has been created to show the population of each country while also showing the units sold by each country. A bar chart has been created to display the profit by products that this cookie company sells.
